For my FPS workshop assignment, I decided to go with an immersive first-person shoorter game that sticks you into a post-apocalyptic world overrun by the undead. The player must nevigate through the environment to combat relentless waves of zombies to survive. With realistic graphics, sound effffects, and intutive controls, this game delivers an experiences testing both strategy and reflexes.

Initially, I wanted to create a FPS game where soldiers are patrolling and shoot at you when you come in range. However, I ran into some issues with this as when I would be in range they would remain in their patrol state. Furthermore, when I would shoot at them they wouldn't die. After trying to figure out the issue, I decided to scrap the whole game and do a zombie FPS. For this, I followed this tutorial: https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-to-create-first-person-shooter-fps-with-unity-c/?couponCode=LEADERSALE24B 

Using this tutorial I got to learn and implement various things into my game. Firstly, I was able to implement the issue I was facing in my original game. The zombies would be patrolling then rush to attack me when I was in range. I also added multiple zombies with different characteristics, such as speed and attack damage. Furthermore, the zombies would spawn in waves at different points on the map. If the game was in hard mode, the zombies would spawn much quicker. Moreover, I also had four different guns that would fire bullets, reload, and cause different amount of damage depending on the gun. The fourth gun also had a scope which allowed me to shoot from a further distance zooming in and out. I also had two different maps the player could pick to play in as well as a setting for the smoothness and sensitivity for the game. 

To improve the game, I would have liked to add health and ammo items around the map that the player can obtain when needed. Furthermore, the game's main objective right now is to just set a high score of how many zombies you can kill. It would be interesting to change this and have a winning point that the player has to reach to win the level.

Overall, this project allowed me to explore the intricate mechanics of game development through the lens of a first-person shooter set in a post-apocalyptic world. Despite the intial set backs with the solder-based game concept, switching to a zombie-themed FPS provided a valuable lerning experience. 